Fixed parameter element editor (#209)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.perception: com.unity.perception/CHANGELOG.md

Fixed ground truth not properly produced when there are other disabled PerceptionCameras present. Note: this does not yet add support for multiple enabled PerceptionCameras.

> Fixed an issue preventing a user from adding more parameters to a parameter list with the 'Add Folder' button. 'Add Folder' now appends the contents of the new folder on the list instead of replacing its contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue preventing a user from adding more options to a Categorical Parameter's list of options with the 'Add Folder' button. 'Add Folder' now correctly appends the contents of the new folder on the list.

Fixed a bug where uniform probabilities were not properly reset upon adding or removing options from a Categorical Parameter's list of options.
```
